Is it right?
I admit that I am your father
I was the one who abandoned you 15 years ago
And he sold your kidney
Me too.
Drag you into the wilderness
I want to kill you with my own hands
I am not human
I am an animal
I will not be your father
It's really you?
I had a huge gambling debt.
penniless
Your mother ran away with someone else
I take you everywhere to hide debts, not enough to eat, not enough to wear
It just so happens that Shi always wants to do a kidney transplant for Young Master Su
Your kidney is a good match for Young Master Su
So I don't do it.
That's why I sold your kidney to Mr. Su
Took the money and paid off the gambling debt
I have been working with Mr. Su since then
That's it, that's it